# Silicon-Garden

Welcome! This repo contains several forms of discrete and continuous controllers. Originally this was mostly going to be used for automatically watering a garden but I realized that a simple PID control is more than good enough. Instead I have created a playground for people to apply MPC control to a state space model of their choice, be it continuous or discrete, and see the results! It is a lot of fun, and there are many opportunities for you to mess up or do cool things with it.

To run the MPC, go to Core.TaskRunner.ModelRunner.py. On top of the script there are several parameters that you can play with and adjust, including a section where you can input your own state space model. For MPC experts, most of this should be very straight forward, but if you have limited knowledge of controllers, or just PID knowledge, the main things you should look at are the control < prediction horizons (how much do you control, and how far in the future you try to predict), and the model_length, which is basically how robust your model is. The bigger this number, the slower the calculations but the better they are. I have yet to see any models that require more than 100 model length. Timestep tells you how often your model runs.

As an example I have a decomposer reactor train with 2 stages, where the monitored variable is the concentration output. See if you can comply with EPA regulations by reducing the output concentration to 10% of the input concentration (that would be input number 2!).
